A: Hey Jesse, how's things? I think you're muted.
B: Does that help? Is that?
A: There you go, awesome, how's it going?
B: Yeah, sorry about that, I'm good, doing well thanks. Can't believe it's September already. How's things with you Jo?
A: All good thanks. Amy says Hi.
B: Oh, nice, yeah, how is she?
A: She's fine, much better thanks.
B: Excellent. Shampoo bra, so David.
A: This time.
B: Oh, sorry. 
A: It's fine, you were saying?
B: Right, yes, I know it's kind of late on a Friday afternoon but Dave thought we should get together about next week.
A: Definitely, perfect timing, I just some things to ask you Ashley, like exact dates.
B: Okay, that's easy, it's Wednesday and Thursday, the sixthteenth and seventeenth I guess from memory.
A: Let's just, that's, hang on though is that Wednesday is the seventeenth.
B: Is it, okay, then it must. It's definitely Wednesday and Thursday.
A: Cool, that's fine, I got it, so Friday is definitely the ninteenth by the way it's my son's birthday is 3.
B: Oh nice, good age.
A: So is.
B: I think most people will travel on Tuesday but there's always someone will try to get in on the morning of, even though I.
A: I know, and we start at eight right?
B: Yes, I know at least 2 from procurement will fly on Wednesday morning and then that guy Dan is it or Daniel from SLB is just coming for day two which is kind of rough, he's just flying in and out. I told him we needed him but whatever. Remember I don't need to travel obviously, and neither does Anna.
A: Or Tron, and remember I am already there so I.
B: Oh yeah, right, I forgot he lives here too. But then how many have booked the hotel on Tuesday? I thought five.
A: Well the scuba gang and me, so yeah five.
B: Okay, that's everyone then, that's.
A: It's just Dave we don't know if he's, isn't he in Bergen?
B: Oh year, he is definitely coming in on Wednesday he said and for the dinner. So I guess that means everyone is at the hotel on Wednesday, except Anna and me.
A: And Trond.
B: Right, right.
A: So the restaurant for Wednesday.
B: All booked, Anna booked it for seven.
A: Perfect. For how many?
B: Not sure actually I can check. Anna.
A: Well the main thing is the scuba team as long as they.
B: I know. They are they promised.
A: And the agenda.
B: I'll share it. Can you see it? Tell me if.
A: I can see it.
B: Okay, does that. Oh, I booked the room, the big workroom on three. Are the start and end okay? You said eight.
A: Let's start at nine each day, then we can definitely fit everything. And we have to end by three PM on Thursday because well so people can get to flip lesson for the seventeen twenty.
B: Okay let's end at sixteen on day one then, so nine to sixteen on day one and nine to fifteen on day two.
A: Tron will be happy and Anna.
B: Yes and lunch at eleven thirty both days.
A: Let's do twelve, it's more time in the morning.
B: Okay Trond won't be happy after all.
A: Is he ever?
B: Yeah I know he definitely does the red nose twice about it we can do 45 minutes though at least.
A: And breaks.
B: We can take breaks whenever. I guess tell people half ten and two or something but we can see.
A: I think people like to.
B: It's reassuring yeah. We can break when I mean the venue will tell us too. But we can say ten or ten thirty.
A: I think ten thirty is good. And fourteen.
B: And the rest. We are doing retrospective in the first session, like day one before lunch. Like, start with a quick intro from Dave I guess, but then straight into it, by nine fifteen definitely. Then all afternoon on swat. Then day two morning is brainstorm and.
A: Well all of day two really. I mean full on brainstorm in the morning maybe more like strategy going forward in the afternoon. Or.
B: Yes, that's good. I can wrap up if you want. Like at 3.
A: Yeah awesome that would be perfect, cheers. The rest is good. I spoke to everyone, they are ready. They all. There is plenty of time for whatever they want to do so I think it's good.
B: Okay, so I think we are all set.
A: Yes, all set. I'm super looking forward to it.
B: I know, me too, it will be awesome. See you there on Tuesday morning I guess. I get in to OSL at nine then I'll come straight to the office.
A: Perfect, yes, get them to call me or.
B: Roger okay perfect see you then. Go to.
A: See you cheers.